## Meeting Agenda, September 28, 2017

1. **Room situation (5 min)**
 * MP408 is still okay so far - maybe R crowd was an anomaly?
 * Coworking space?

2. **DHN workshops (10 min)**
 * They will pay instructors
 * Want similar material as last workshop. 
 We will make it more modular so that people can attend sections on their own.
 * Proposed dates (by Alex): 11-12 December 2017; 8-9 May 2018

3. **SWC (5 min)**
 * Tentatively January? 
 I would love to have these regularly, like once a month or once every 6 weeks or something.
 * Main issue is how / where to book rooms. Dawn has been great, but I don't want to bug her forever.
 
4. **Council restructuring (10 min)**
 * Luke is for sure leaving us in January (sob)
 * When should we make changes? Do we wait for election to change roles?

5. **RQM update (5 min)**
 * Short status update (Joel / Luke / Madeleine / Elliott) 
 * Any pressing concerns? 

5. **Misc (10 min)**
 * People wanting to post ads / job offers / provide corporate sponsorship: what should be our policy? 
 Should we post a template issue or write posting guidelines somewhere?
