## Meeting Agenda, February 20, 2018

1. **RQM course, next round (notes [here](https://github.com/UofTCoders/council/pull/221))**
 * What teaching structure do we want? 4 TAs, 2 instructors and 2 TAs? Can guest lecturers be paid? 
 * What material should we add or remove in the analysis techniques section? (Related to who gets to be head instructor)
 * Writing a paper? Should we start taking a crack at this?

2. **SWC**
 * Debrief previous workshop: any comments?
 * Scheduling a next workshop - what and when

3. **Coworking sessions**
 * Should we revive these? I feel like it's nice to have them occasionally to steer people who are asking for help towards them. Maybe rename?

4. **Misc**
 * Posts from outside the group (job offers / solicitations / volunteer opportunities / other groups) - generally these are okay, but what can we add to the contributing guidelines to make it clear what kinds of things are okay and which are not? Or should we just close the inappropriate ones right away? Issue [182](https://github.com/UofTCoders/council/issues/182).
 


