##Meeting Agenda, November 16, 2016

In no particular order, and based on the open issues in this repo:

1. Ensuring council presence at meetings
 * ensuring lessons are recorded
 * ensuring the door is unlocked

2. Council roles - is everyone happy with what they're doing?

3. Dealing with lessons taught more than once by different people
 * clutter on website lesson list?
 
4. Buying an adapter for presenters

5. Plan for next term
 * time for another Software Carpentry maybe?
