## Meeting Agenda, December 11, 2017

1. **Welcome new (potential) exec**
 * Nil and Ahmed are possibly joining exec!
 * Brief discussion of roles / interests
 * Anyone else know of interested people or good people to ask?

2. **RQM debrief / next steps**
 * Collect debrief notes from each person involved - where to put this?
 * Plan for next year (Joel)
 * Writing something up (Joel / Luke)
 * Celebration party?

3. **Coworking sessions**
 * How are they going? Should we continue? Make changes to frequency / timing / location?
 * Group project / working together on GitHub issues or answering questions on Stack Overflow?

4. **Upcoming**
 * Workshop for law students: update from Lina and Maddy
 * Software Carpentry in New Year: have asked Dawn to book room on Feb 8-9 (not yet finalized)
 * Possible space in MADlab: Lina and Maddy meeting on Thursday

5. **Sessions for next semester**
 * Should we do a survey? Then call for instructors in January?
 * Topics suggested at social:
    * Blockchain
    * Games for learning programming, toy languages (i.e. Twine)
    * Skills for data science for transitioning out of academia
    * GPU programming
    * Node js
    * Web scraping
    * Mobile apps

6. **Thanking contributors**
 * Everyone sign cards

7. **Misc**
 * Attendance sheet: should we change it, collect different data, stop doing it?

