## Meeting Agenda, May 3, 2017

1. Review 
 * Attendance surveys - are we adding people to email list? Have we / should we send followup emails to new people? 
 * We now have a kettle - need cups!
 * New group project proposed by Lina - brief description for group

2. Summer plans
 * Survey results - link shared with council
 * Code-alongs are most popular format followed by lightning demos and discussion sessions
 * Proposed summer topics based on survey results (and also what I want):
	* Collaborating with others using GitHub
	* Git: continuous integration and testing
	* Python: SciKit learn - regression, fitting, machine learning
	* Python: unit test pair programming session
	* Python: intro to GPU programming
	* Themed coworking for packages, both R and Python - help people (cough me cough) actually do it
	* R: dplyr and magrittr
	* Intro to Bash
	* HTML and/or Java and/or CSS
	* Docker
	* Data visualization lightning demos
 * Advertising push? 

3. Ryerson SWC coming up: reminder
 * Reconnect with folks there to discuss supplies, helpers, etc.

4. Workshop for DHN
 * Dates: May 23-24 (three weeks away!)
 * Potential instructors: Joel, Derek, Dano, Madeleine, Raul
 * Proposed topics given instructor preferences:
	* HTML - Dano / Raul
	* Intro Python and image processing - Joel / Derek
	* Signal processing and analysis of sound - Dano
	* Bash: automating stuff, searching for stuff, regular expressions, possibly Git - Madeleine / Joel / Raul
	* Maybe a session of shorter demos - LaTeX, pandoc, metadata, etc.? 

5. RQM
 * New draft of syllabus to Martin
 * Discuss assessment 

