## Meeting Agenda, June 11, 2018

1. **Topic Series**
 * How are we feeling about the topic series? Improvements or changes? 
 
2. **SWC**
 * Quick update on upcoming Python DC Jun 18-19
 * Scheduling a next workshop in July to accomodate demand (big waitlist for next workshop)?

3. **RQM course, Fall 2018**
 * Writing the paper? Aim for deadline for completion? ([Roadmap](https://github.com/UofTCoders/paper-rcourse-2017/issues/7))
 * Updates for upcoming semester

4. **General Updates**
 * How is everyone feeling about their new roles?
