UofT Coders Exec Meeting
2016-04-12
Attending: Madeleine, Lina, Elliott, Luke

Recording Sessions
- Branches in Git recorded and on site
- will continue with next lessons (next: Github Pages/Jekyll)

Member Survey
- Continue to encourage people to fill out survey
- Close survey mid-May and decide on which lessons we can do for the summer (other than the intro sessions)

Google Group (utorontostudygroup)
- Make sure people are not forgetting to subscribe to the emails (Lina)
- Add a link to the website to subscribe to group (Luke

Mini-Sprint
- Purpose is to meet and 'hack' the study group
- later summer, following the next advertising push
- make it the AGM?

SWC T-shirts/stickers/swag
- Too expensive for now

Future Initiatives
- Possibly networking/panel session with speakers
- Small hackathon
- get sponsorship for these events?

Elections April 21st
- Also make it a coworking session, pair programming? (Lina)
- Encourage people to suggest other roles that they might see fit

Schedule for Summer
April 20: Advertising blitz
- mailing lists: departments, GSU, Gradlife, SGS
- focus on graduate students for now
May - June 9: Intro Sessions
- create a template issue for /Events/ (Elliott)
- post all the events at the start of the term (Lina)
- weekly reminder comment on the issue of the week




