UofT Coders Exec Meeting
November 22nd, 2018

## Action Items:
- make doodle for working on R Course paper (Lina)
- look through survey and emails for lesson suggestions and things people volunteered to teach 
- make a blurb for new instructors + reminder email to put in admin/ folder (Lina)

## R Course
- Course is going great, all the projects look very great and they are progressing appropriately
- Had a meeting with Asher: think about what changes to teaching structure to make it more fair (how can we formalize this?), how can guest lectures be compensated? appreciates the variety in non-EEB instructors. Who else in EEB/UofT Coders would like to teach? How to grow the class?
- We'll all touch base again at the end of the semester
- work on paper with Luke in December (Lina will make a doodle for when Luke is here)

## Update on Weekly Meetings
- For next semester, look through emails and survey suggestions and plan next schedule in December
- Have 2 people sign up for each lesson as failsafe
- Write checklist/blurb for all instructors + 1 week before reminder email
  - watch video or attend lesson, make sure they understand the live-coding
  - code of conduct, material should be inclusive
  - if they're making their own material have it so students can see on their screens at the same time
- Email push in January. 
- Next term, no repeats other than intros
- The host can be responsible for trying to recruit new instructors. 

## Coders at UTM
- lots of interest!
- Ahmed and James, will fork the repo and we will cross-post for the first 6 months

## Misc
- When people subscribe to google groups, check default MAKE SURE TO CHECK RECEIVE ALL EMAILS, put on website screenshot
- Discuss coffee code next semester
  - find hosts for coffee and code
  - coffee on us?
