## Minutes - Jan 20, 2018

1. **RQM Course**
 * New material: simulations / bootstrapping & permutations (Lindsay & Luke), mixed effects modelling, time series analysis / simulating time series, practical quantitative stats (Lindsay - hypothesis testing, fit statistics)
 * Look at content of the intro stats pre-req? Adjust datasets to fit what they could do?
 * Ahmed has a copy of the textbook for the stats pre-req.
 * Involvement:
      * Lina: some lectures, some group support
      * Lindsay: develop and teach stats lessons
      * Ahmed: be TA, teach the R coding part, be the lead organizer
      * Elliott: NA
      * Joel: NA
      * Madeleine: be TA, not lead, teach a few lectures (esp simulations and time series analysis)
      * Nil: helping with organization, possibly come around 
      * Sara: not officially involved, interested in seeing how it goes
      * Ahmed's friend from EEB (James): knows the material, likes coding
      * Having a couple of guest lecturers (possibly Lina) 
 * Have another meeting soon and invite James from EEB
 * Ask if we can have two course instructors (Lindsay and Ahmed or James) and two TAs (Madeleine and Lina or Ahmed)? 
 * Otherwise, 4 TAs, equal division of hours: Lindsay, Madeleine, Ahmed, and James
 * ACTION: Ahmed talk to James
 * ACTION: Joel email Martin and Asher 
 * Publishing a paper: publish on bioarxiv, or in this other journal that Data Carpentry publishes in - "International Journal of Digital Curation" (no publication cost)

2. **SWC**
 * Past workshop was generally well-received.
 * A new workshop: one just for women.
 * Next open workshop: Data Carpentry or Python? beginning of May?
 * Talk to Mike at MADLab about booking new dates
 
3. **Coworking sessions**
 * Rebranding: coffee and code
 * Second Cup under grad house
 * Once a month? First Tuesday of the month? 9-11 AM? 

4. **Misc**
 * Should we moderate posts from strangers better? 
 * In contributing:
     * Mention the types of things that are okay
 * Make a template for issues (Lina) 
     * Name, contact info, issue or event or volunteer or job opportunity, details, why you think UofT Coders can help or would be interested 
 * In March, announce positions and election
 * Finalize new positions, maybe make a position that will be unfilled by us?
     * Lesson maintainer / code reviewer? 



