# 2018-10-22: meeting minutes

Present: Sara, Lina, Ahmed, James, Madeleine

* Tuesday - James will take the lead on that. Sara will attend to watch
 - tell students to make an account on GitHub on Tuesday
 - Ahmed will bring ethernet to USB adapter to class to test for Thursday

* Thursday - Sara will teach Git, Ahmed will give an introduction
 - tell them to sit with their groups for the group work portion

* Next Tuesday - Lina will teach reproducibility (lead discussion)

* Updates to lecture material - make pdf available for the scientific publishing section, don't cover it in class

* Final assignment - set up their project on GitHub, collaboratively work on a document, create a group theme, etc.
RELEASE THIS ASSIGNMENT NEXT WEEK TUESDAY - need to have some individual components to mark
 - pull requests, forking
 - do stuff with our own temp repository? 
 - grade on quality of commit, that they did it, etc. 
 - create code of conduct?

* Final project info: combine with assignment_final (Maddy)

* Project groups: 3 groups, one is a 3-person, the other 2 are 4. There were 11 people who didn't respond at all, a bunch said just put me in a group. Ahmed will make the rest of the groups and email them individually, tonight. 

* Project submission - make an EEB 313 organization? Ahmed will do that tonight

* Project submission - James will demonstrate R project setup, or we can make it part of the assignment

* Datasets - we're good to go - it's part of their job to figure out more info about the data
