# R course meeting agenda

**Urgent** who is leading the datasets and projects lesson? (James)

## Project groups
- what is our current enrolment?
- group size? 4? (mandatory 4 person group)
- should we make the groups?
- should we survey the class (using Socrative) on whether they want to make their own groups or want us to put them in groups?
- what do we do if people want to work alone?

## Data
- should we just point them to NEON and maybe a few others?
- should we offer the same data as last year plus a few others?
- James has at least one he wants to add
- should we require that each group has a different dataset? If so, how do we give fair choices?

## Assessment changes
- update lecture material with assessment schedule and guidelines for progress
- need self-assessment as part of project
- write project deliverables? What components of report? How long is presentation?
- add specifics about what the weekly updates entail
- update syllabus with presentation dates

## Action items
- make action items into issue on r course repo (Maddy)
- update Ahmed and Lindsay on action items (Maddy)
- get group decision on dataset uniqueness (Maddy)
- update lecture notes for Tuesday:
	- add assessment changes and specifics (Maddy)
        - update dataset list (James)
	- choose some NEON datasets to highlight (James)
- look over updates to lecture notes (Ahmed and Lindsay)
- update syllabus with presentation date (James)







