# Agenda - 2018-10-22 R Course Meeting

## Final lectures

* Plan for Tuesday
* Lecture material for last two classes - any updates needed?
* Last assignment - project setup

## Final projects

* Update from Ahmed: what are the groups? Do we need to make any?
* Look over and confirm [project info document](https://github.com/mbonsma/rcourse/blob/project-info/project_info.Rmd) for Quercus 
* Project submission: mandatory submission through GitHub, but they can work on it however they like?
* Confirm datasets
* Which TAs are attending on which days

