# Minutes from EEB313 debrief meeting

**Present:** Madeleine, Sara, Ahmed, James, Lindsay, Luke

Agenda: [Issue #271](https://github.com/UofTCoders/rcourse/issues/271)

## Action items

* [ ] Send a survey reminder email once the grades are up - @mbonsma
* [ ] Send a list of proposed changes to Asher, or schedule a meeting – probably in the new year - @aays?
* [ ] James needs grades by Sunday to submit them by Monday - everyone
* [ ] Final project comments – do it on Quercus for each person - everyone
* [ ] Create a release for the course - @lwjohnst86

## Minutes

### Teaching structure and proposed changes
* James and Lindsay got $3500 each, Madeleine and AHmed got 70 hours at $44 per hour.
* We feel like the amount of money is fair and appropriate for the amount of work in general.
* We should ask for more hours though, especially if the class size increase.
* Options for teaching structure:
    * Ideal: 4 course instructors, each paid 0.5 instructor rate. This might violate some cap on the number 
    of instructors though.
    * 4 people: each paid 0.25 course instructor, ~35 hours TA.
    * It's possible that not everyone involved will want to teach, in which case we could keep it the same 
    as this year and have only two lecturers.
    * Is there an option to pay guest lecturers?

### How much bigger could the clas be?
* Possible limit from the computer lab size (not our problem)
* We know that Software Carpentry gets hard with 40+ people (people fall behind, hard to maintain good pace). 
* Proposed size: 32. 8 groups of 4, easy to divide among 4 TAs, etc. 

### Final project
* Group assignment: we let them choose their own groups and then assigned the ones left over to groups, 
and this worked pretty well.
* They need more scientific guidance from us during the project, and they also need more guidance on 
the presentation aspect.
* Suggestions for how to improve the project:
    * Allow groups to schedule meetings with specific TAs. Require 3 (or so) meetings with TAs over the 
    course of the term, and make a schedule of when specific TAs will be there that groups can sign up for. 
    Replace the weekly check-ins with this. 
    * Keep a time at the beginning of the projects for groups to share with the whole class what data they chose
    and what they're thinking of doing.
    * Make a list of TA expertise and put it on the syllabus or similar: particular stats, ecology concepts, 
    Git / GitHub, R, etc.
    * Assign projects and present data sooner - we had added more lecture material this year and it 
    pushed the project back. Move the getting into groups brainstorming session (lecture 14) to earlier in the term.
    * Possibly add an interim deliverable: a report, or a 'plan of study' where they outline their proposed methods, 
    or mock prediction figures - sketch out what they expect to see in figures. (Last idea is the group favourite)
* Suggestions for how to improve the presentations:
    * Provide more information in lecture or in the notes about presetation guidelines and tips.
    * Give an example talk, either in class or as a link to a youtube video 
    (James has one from a conference talk he gave).
    * Get them to show us their slides ahead of time and give them feedback - possibly make this 
    one of the scheduled TA meetings. Could also make this optional and strongly suggest they do it. 
* Changes to project grading scheme:
    * Possibly cut down on the self-assessment mark? Make it 4 instead of 8? Make content 12? 
    Or make the 4 marks their prediction figures.  

### Miscellaneous
* should we assign more readings or provide more readings in general?
* possibly add more Git and GitHub to lecture material, or more links for resources for that?

### Who’s interested in being involved next year?
* James
* Ahmed
* Maybe Lindsay
* Sara
* Anyone else: Tyler, Julia (EEB peeps) 

### Final to-do items:
* Send a survey reminder email once the grades are up
* Send a list of proposed changes to Asher, or schedule a meeting – probably in the new year
* James needs grades by Sunday to submit them by Monday 
* Final project comments – do it on Quercus for each person
* Create a release for the course 
